PHSA SOC Automation
===================

The SOC Automation project is copyrighted by the 
[Provincial Health Services Authority of British Columbia](http://www.phsa.ca/).

The SOC Automation project is an effort of the Service Operations Center
team.

The SOC Automation project is responsible for creating, implementing, and maintaining
custom network and system monitoring software for the
Service Operations Center (SOC) team.

The SOC Automation project provides the following facilities.

* **Custom Data Collection Facilities**:
  We provide multiple components for collecting custom monitoring data.
  All data collection components run independently of the SOC Automation
  server. Some data collection components are not location dependent and 
  can be co-located with the SOC Automation server. Other data collection
  components must be executed on nodes located at remote sites
  
* **Custom Alert Facilities**:
  All the data collected is stored and analyzed on the SOC Automation server.
  Configurable alerts are generated based on this analysis and dispatched via
  email to interested parties. The alerting mechanism is designed to be
  extensible with minimal effort

* **Custom Reporting Facilities**:
  The SOC Automation server provides custom reports about the collected data
  via email. All email reports include a csv attachment for further analysis

* **Alert Integration with the Current Monitoring Infrastructure**:
  There is beta quality code available but not active that integrates alerts
  generated by the SOC automation components with an Orion server.
  
Docs notes
^^^^^^^^^^

Currently the documentation is generated and hosted locally.

The docs build directory is exposed as an alias on the server host where the
SOC Automation project is running as per the configs/nginx/nginx.conf file.

It is the responsibility of the developer to rebuild the documentation on
every push.
  
Mail Collector Application
--------------------------

The ``Mail Collector Application`` is responsible for collecting Windows
log events created by instances of the ``Mail Borg Client Application``
running on remote monitoring bots, and for generating alerts and warnings
with regards to  email and Exchange services availability at remote sites.

The application will also generate periodic reports with regards to  email
and Exchange services availability at remote sites.

The application is also capable of analyzing the availability of all and/or
various Exchange servers and Exchange databases based on the configurations
made available to the :ref:`Mail Borg Client Application` instances. 

This application is also responsible for providing main configurations for 
instances of the ``Mail Borg Client Application`` running on remote
monitoring bots.

