.. SOC_Automation documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Aug 27 14:59:18 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

PHSA SOC Automation Documentation
=================================

The SOC Automation project is responsible for creating, implementing,
and maintaining custom network and system monitoring software for the
SOC team.

The SOC Automation project provides the following facilities.

* **Custom Data Collection Facilities**:
  We provide multiple components for collecting custom monitoring data.
  All data collection components run independently of the SOC Automation
  server. Some data collection components are not location dependent and 
  can be co-located with the SOC Automation server. Other data collection
  components must be executed on nodes located at remote sites
  
* **Custom Alert Facilities**:
  All the data collected is stored and analyzed on the SOC Automation server.
  Configurable alerts are generated based on this analysis and dispatched via
  email to interested parties. The alerting mechanism is designed to be
  extensible with minimal effort

* **Custom Reporting Facilities**:
  The SOC Automation server provides custom reports about the collected data
  via email. All email reports include a csv attachment for further analysis

* **Alert Integration with the Current Monitoring Infrastructure**:
  There is beta quality code available but not active that integrates alerts
  generated by the SOC automation components with an Orion server.

 
SOC Automation Server Applications
----------------------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: SOC Automation Server Applications:

   p_soc_auto/p_soc_auto.rst
   p_soc_auto_base/p_soc_auto_base.rst
   configs/config.rst
   citrus_borg/citrus_borg.rst
   mail_borg/mail_borg.rst
   mail_collector/mail_collector.rst
   orion_integration/orion_integration.rst
   ssl_cert_tracker/ssl_cert_tracker.rst
   
SOC Automation Client Applications
----------------------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: SOC Automation Client Applications:

   mail_borg/mail_borg.rst
   

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
